Name: Shubham Kankrale

Mobile : +91-7517647979
Email: samkankrale@gmail.com
Address: At-post Ravande, Tel-Kopargaon, Dist- Ahmednagar, State- Maharashtra, Country- India
Marietal status : Single (Waiting for Pretty women)
GitHub: github.com/shubhamkankrale
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/shubhamkankrale

Introduction: Hello! I am Shubham Kankrale, Full Stack Developer & AI Engineer passionate about artificial intelligence, machine learning, 
and full-stack development. With a strong background in Python, Flask, and Django, I have developed various AI-driven applications 
and web projects. My expertise includes NLP, Generative AI, and chatbot development, and I constantly strive to innovate and build 
impactful solutions. I had completed my Bachelor's degree in Artificial Intelligence & Data Science and hands-on experience working with AI-powered applications,
cloud technologies, and API integrations. My goal is to leverage AI to create intelligent and efficient systems that enhance user 
experiences and solve real-world problems.

Education: Degree - Bachelor's Of Engineering
           Field - Artificial Intelligence And Data Science
           Year - 2021 to 2024
           University - Savitribai Phule Pune University, Pune 

Skills & Expertise: Technical Skills - Python, Django, Flask, SQL, HTML, CSS, Generative AI, Machine Learning, Tableu, Unity 3D
                    Other Skills - Communication, Leadership, Time Management, Presentation

Experience & Internships:1. Company name: Webfries IT solutions Pvt. Ltd.(Duration June 2023 to June 2024)
                            Designation : Full Stack Developer(Intern)
                            Projects: 1. Voice Agent (AI bot with Database storage and semantic Searches).
                                         tech using the Python,flask,sql,OpenAI api,whisper model,cohere api for semantic Searches
                                      2. RemoAI (Debt Settlement And Regularization Bot)
                                         telegram bot & whatsapp integrations in that bot
                                    
                        
                         2. Company name: ESDS,nashik(Duration Feb 2023 to April 2023)
                            Designation : Web Developer(Intern)
                            Projects: 1. Contributed to AI-driven web applications.
                                            Text Analysis Website
                                            Guess Number Game Website


Personal Projects: 1.HospitalAI Connect(Using RAG)
                    - A hospital management system that allows online OPD appointment booking.
                    - Uses AI chatbot with RAG to provide hospital-related information.
                    Tech uses : Python, flask, sql, html, css, groq api

                   2.AI Voice Agent Chatbot
                    - A multilingual voice chatbot that provides real-time responses.
                    - Users can interact with bot by voice commands
                    Tech uses : Python, flask, OpenAI api, html, css

                   3.SamHub- A YouTube Media Downloader
                    - A Flask-based web application for downloading YouTube videos and audio.
                    - Used to download Media in audio or video format in various Qualities
                    Tech uses : Python,flask, yt-dlp, html, css

                   4.The City of Dead 3D Game(AI in metaverse)
                    - A zombie survival game developed in Unity 3D using C#.
                    - The player must find an antidote to save the city.
                    Tech uses : Unity Game Engine, C# scripting, Mixamo Animations

                   5. Guntha Measures
                    - A web app to measure land in Gunthas based on input length and breadth.
                    Tech uses : Python, Django, html, css

Currently Working on : Luna AI 
                      - An advanced AI system that provides users with human-like voice responses.
                      - Allows users to interact with an AI character that offers a highly realistic and natural conversational experience.
                      - Designed to create an immersive and engaging interaction for users.
                      Tech uses : Llama open source model, RAG, Coqui TTS, Unity 3D, Python, Django, html, css

Interests & Hobbies : - Exploring AI-driven technologies

                      - Game development with Unity 3D

                      - Web development & full-stack engineering

                      - Blogging about AI and software development

